Hello and good morning. I'm getting a little problem. I'm hoping you can assist me.
My daughter wants to buy a tablet, so I'm searching for one.
Except for the picture I took from her phone, I don't know anything about it.
That is incredibly kind of you. Take a look at this. MOTO product.
Could you tell me what colour this is? I just like the colour.
I'm not sure if it's the style or the features that my daughter prefers.
If That is the case, please let me know.
That sounds great!! What about the screen and internal storage?
This tablet, too, has a lot of great features. I enjoyed it as well.
Yes, how much does it cost?
Okay, That is it. Please bookingÂ for me. Thank you so much.
Good morning. I am looking for a phone.
Samsung would be my preferred brand.
I have heard quite a lot about Galaxy S6 edge+ Duos from my relatives. Do you have it available.
Do you think Samsung phones are good?
Okay then tell me the features for the one, I asked for.
What about the camera features?
What about the other features?
And What is the price?
Fine! book for me.
Thank you for your assistance
Hello. Would you be able to help me?
I want to buy a gift for my grandson. He just started high school.
I guess a smartphone will be a good choice.
I think Asus might be a good choice.
Around 500-600 EUR. Also, as I mentioned, I would prefer Asus phones.
Sure.
Does it have a good camera?
That is good, but there is one more thing that I need a phone which has two sim slots.
Is it a lightweight phone? These days like youngsters like phones that are light in weight and thin in looks.
Great. Book this phone for me.
Thank you for your help.
Hello, I'd like to purchase a phone for my mother for her birthday.
Yes, I'd like to have 4 GB of RAM and a 4000 mAh battery.
What about its battery?
Would you please let me know about the camera?
In which colour varient this product comes?
What is the cost?
It is too cheap. I don't think it is worth buying.
But I am not sure about gifting it to her. Is it a quality product?
But I'm still unsure if I should buy it.
Okay, I'll buy it.
Thank you so much.
Hello, I want to buy a phone for my grandson.
Yes, he need a GPS operated phone with small display size.
What is the price?
whats is its battery?
Battery is not enough for him.
Okay, can you please book it for me.
Thank you.
Hello there. If you have any laptop?
Lenovo is said to be the finest.
Lenovo IdeaPad 320-15IKBRN, indeed. It has a decent reputation.
Yes, because that is beyond my financial constraints.
In the region of 1500-2000 EUR.
For a decent product, this isn't a concern.
What model are you referring to?
That is a great deal of money.
Oh my goodness!! That is fantastic.
Yes, please book it for me.
Thank you for assisting me in locating this fantastic laptop.
Good morning, I have been looking for a laptops. Can you help me to choose better one?
I want to gift it to my daughter. She needs it for her online class.
I have heard about Dell labtop, I want to go with this one first.
She wants ample storage in her laptop. So, it must have a large disk space.
Okay, What about its GPU?
What about its processor?
I don't think. She likes to go with i3.
Okay, what about its colour?
But she wants her laptop in Navy blue colour.
How much will it cost to me?
It is pricy.
Can I get some discount?
Okay, I want to proceed with billing.
Thanks for the assistance.
Hello, I would like to buy a laptop from HP for my sister.
No. But I want one with a display size of more than 17 inch.Because she loves to watch movies on big screen.
That is great.
Sure. But she likes only HP model.
What about that HP model? I bet it has got good ratings.
Okay. Can you tell me about the processor MSI model?Because I want latest and fast processor labtop for her.
Can you tell me what is the graphics used in this? She is also a graphic designer.
Yes, all the features fulfil her requirements. I woukd like to know about its colour.
Red is not her favroutie colour, She wants it in black colour.
But she doesn't like red colour.
Sounds good!!, but I am not sure she liked it or not.
Okay, what about the price.
Okay, reserve it for me.
Thankyou so much.
Good Morning. Can you spare me few minutes?
I have a query.
A smartphone, I have heard it's good, buy I don't know anything much about it.
Oppo F3 Plus, tell me everything that you know about this.
Wow. That is awesome.
I think I fell in love with this product.
What colours do you have available?
What? That is a girly colour.
It's not a bad idea, and That girl's birthday is coming up. This phone can be her gift.
It is expensive, let me think about it. I will tell you whatever I will end up deciding.
Keep me updated.
Thank you.
Hello there. Will you able to assist me?
I've come to purchase a tab for my cousin.
It's just Samsung. He will be grateful for everything he receives from Samsung.
You will never find a more loyal client.
That'd be fantastic.What are its features?
It's not terrible. I'm hoping it's not too heavy and that My Cousin holds all on it. His arm would be affected by the heavy tab.
How does it appear? Limit yourself to black, white, or grey.
This is fantastic. What is the cost?
It's just too costly. I'm not sure I'll be able to afford it.
Even, I'm going to wait for the price to come down. Thank you so much.
Good evening, I want a good phone at the best price.
I am looking for a T-Mobile phone around 250 Euro.
What is its OS?
Oh I want Mic OS as it can run many applications at the same time.
okay, I take your point what is its cost?
Book it for me.
Thanks.
Hello there. If you have a few moments to spare?
I'd like to buy a phone.
No, it's not true. It'd be a present for my cousin.
I don't have idea about brand. Show me the best one.
She will like something that seems to be posh. Hold it within the average range as well.
Yes, less than 500 euros.
Is it possible for you to show it to me?
Wow, that was incredible. This phone seems to be attractive. It's like a unique and lovely hue of gold. She definetly like it. What are its features?
What are other features?
It appeals to me. How much does it cost?
It seems expensive for me.
It is out of my budget. I can't afford it. Please notify me when there is a season sale or something similar.
No, I prefer to wait.
Good evening, Could you please assist me in purchasing a smartphone? We'd like to purchase it for our tutor.
It should have a capacity of 32 GB.
Only the Asus brand has my confidence. Is it possible for you to show me some from Asus?
What colour is it?
I'm looking for a sapphire black colour.
Please see something of atleast 4 GB RAM.
What are the features?
What is the cost?
Is there any discount available?
Okay, that will suffice. Could you kindly take care of the billing?
Thank you so much.
Hey, which is the best phone to buy right now?
I want good camera samsung phone.
What is its camera quality?
What is its Ram storage?
I want a Samsung phone with more RAM space.
What is its cost?
Okay, I will take this phone.
Thanks a lot.
Hello and good morning.
I'm on the lookout for a decent camera.
Are they up to standard?
I see what you mean. If you have a suitable model? I am not sure about it.
Okay, that's it. So, what's the deal with the resolution?
What is its color? I really want it in beautiful Black color.
What about the range of focus?
How much does it weigh?
It seems heavy for me. I am a photographer, I need to carry it everywhere.
How much does it cost?
Is there a discount available?
That's all right. Please make a reservation for me.
Thank you so much for your support.
Good Evening, I would like to buy a phone.
Yes, my friend bought this Samsung Galaxy S9 Smartphone from here. Here is the link. Do you have this? C(BLUE) product.
Well, I loved the colour of the smartphone. Do you have the same colour?
Great, but this is not the only feature I am looking for.
My friend loved the look of the phone so much that she didn't even inquired about the features of the phone but I Would like to know about them as well.
Can you be a little more specific about the features?
How about the storage?
And what is the price.
But I don't think these features are worth 350 EUR.
Still, it is too expensive.
No, actually I can't afford this. So, I will wait for some good deal.
No, I don't have any urgency. Thank you for your help!!
I'm searching for a tablet this evening.
Yes, it has to be either an Apple or a Samsung product.
I must be the most recent or have been released since 2014.
And let me know what their rates are.
What are the dimensions of their batteries?
What is their RAM capacity?
I'm not sure which of the two has 2 GB of RAM. Is there a difference in camera efficiency between them?
There isn't a huge gap. Allow me a few moments to think about this.
I will like to have iPad Pro.
Yes do kindly book.
Thank You.
Good evening, may you assist me in purchasing a smartphone?
It should be a 4G handset with dual SIM capabilities.
Only the Acer brand has my confidence. Could you please show me some from Acer?
What colour is it?
I'd like it in this colour. Samsung product.
What are the other features?
Ram is limited. please see the phone with 8 GB of RAM.
What is the cost?
Will it take a better photograph?
Also, please have a discount.
Okay, that will suffice. Could you please do the billing?
Okay, then, just continue with the billing.
Hello, I'm looking for a laptop.
This is what I'm looking for:  CS product.
Lenovo is a company that makes computers. Is it a reputable brand?
So, tell me about the features of it.
Tell me how much disc space it has.
What about the cost?
Is there some way to get a deal on this?
Please show me another laptop if you don't mind.
Please describe the features to me.
Okay, pleaseÂ book this for me.
Thank you
Good Evening, can you help me with buying a tablet?
It should have a 518 display size.
I trust only Huawei. Can you show me some from Huawei?
I want it in aluminium colour.
What are its other features?
I want 32 GB storage varrient.
How much is the RAM?
How much will it cost me?
The price seems to be high.
Will it click a good picture?
Okay, it will do the job. Can you please book it for me?
No. Thank you for now.
Good Evening, I am looking for a trending phone for my sister.
She needs to have a phone that has high memory and good battery life.
What is its color?
Whta is its weight?
That's a bit on heavier side. Do you have something in light weight?
Yeah but I don't find comfortable to keep heavy phone in my pocket.
What is its price?
Okay, I will take this phone.
Thanks a ton.
Hello there.
I've come to buy a present for my younger sister.
Really, I'm not sure what would be best for her.
She recently enrolled in a photography course.
She lost her phone last week and is in desperate search of a replacement.
I'd like to buy both, but I'm not in a position to do so. Please make a suggestion.
Oh my goodness. That is an excellent suggestion. You're an utter genius.
Oppo or Vivo. They're widely regarded as the finest camera phones.
Can you tell me about the camera features? I'm not acquainted with Samsung.
So, what does it cost?
Okay, I'd like to book them.
Thank you for your assistance.
Hey, I need a phone for office use.
Radio should work on this phone and display size should be medium.
Does it has good camera?
What is its color?
What is it's price?
Oh, This phone is not for me. It is costly. Show me a phone with similar specifications in cheaper price?
Ok can you book it for me.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Good evening.
I'm looking for a camera from Toshiba.
It should not be more than 700euros as far as budget is concerned.For the model or feature, I don't have any specific one in my mind right now.
Yes, the minimum resolution must not be less than 1000.
Can you tell me which one is the latest?
May I know what is its cost?
Any other feature storage capacity or focus range?
I am okay with the features. Please book it for me.
Thanks for your assistance.
Hello, I want to purchase a phone.
I'm looking for a Lenovo handset. The Lenovo brand is the one in which I have confidence.
It should have at least a 3000 mAh battery.
I would like to have it with at least 32 GB of internal Storage.
What about its colour?
Please describe the features for me.
How much will it cost?
I can't afford this. Do you have a low-cost handset?
Its camera resolution is poor. Suggest me something with better resolution.
Is the consistency good?
Please reserve it for me.
Thank you so much.
Hello, can you suggest me a good laptop for my friend?
I will prefer Dell.
No, but the display size should be 16 inch?
Does it has a bigger display?
Okay but which processor does it have?
Okay, how about the graphics? Is it good?
What about its storage?
Has it got good ratings?
How can you assure me?
What about its colour?
I want it in black colour. which looks decent.
How much will I have to pay if I would like to purchase this one?
Well, all the features are really good, it fulfill her all requirement.
But the price is little expensive.
Okay, I want to proceed with billing.
Thankyou so much.
Hello, can you please help me to buy a phone?
I don't know about the specification, buy I want it for my daughter, so please show me which has good camera quality.
It is below 200 EUR.
Can you tell me about it?
What is its colour?
Is it a good one?
OK, than book this product for me.
Yes, can you please tell me about Apple MacBook Air?
What is its price?
No thanks, book my phone, and The laptop price is too high. I will buy when the price drops.
Thank you.
Hello, can you help me in selecting a phone?
I want to buy a white color dualsim phone for my son.
I have budget constraints, it should be under 400 Euro.
What is its display size?
Oh, I want a phone which has less display size.
But I am not comfortable carrying big phone.
What is its price?
Perfect, I will take it. Kindly gift wrap it.
Thanks a ton.
Hello, I'd like to wish you a pleasant afternoon. I'm looking for an ASUS laptop.
I didn't get what you meant.
The screen must be less than 15 inches, and the CPU must be an Intel i7.
Precisely what sort of graphics card do they have?
Tell me how much space they have on the hard drive.
What are the costs?
Choosing one is a little tricky. Could you spare a few moments for me?
I'd like to book the one with 1TB of storage.
Thank you so much.
Good morning, Can you help me out?
Actually I want a phone for my younger brother.
He is very fond of gaming. I want a phone with good RAM.
I think 6GB RAM will be very good and the games will run very smoothly.
I'll have a look at Vivo first.
How much battery do they have?
This is not a good battery for gamers. Tell me about a phone with more than 5000mAh battery.
What are the other features of M6s Plus?
My brother will surely like it.
Yes book it for me.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Can you help me buying a camera?
I wanted to buy a Nikon camera. Do you have it?
That is nice!! Do you have Nikon Coolpix L1?
One of my friends suggested this is a good camera.
No, but I am looking for a camera in higher budget range.
Around 200-300 EUR.
Any brand will do just give me a good product.
Yes, please proceed.
This brand is excellent, but please tell me if it is within my budget or not?
Amazing! Thank you for your help.
Hello, I am a photographer, and I want a high-quality camera.
Yes, I want above 3000 max resolution
It should be between 200 EUR.
Can you tell me about its features?
What about its price?
Okay, please keep it aside and show me a laptop.
I want a laptop of Acer brand only.
Yes, I want an i7 processor.
This laptop should be in between 4000 EUR.
Tell me about its features.
Please book both the product.
No, thank you.
Hi, will you assist me in selecting an android phone?
I want to gift it to my sister on her birthday. Camera will be the main priority. Please look for 20 MP.
She will loves Meteor Gray.
I think display size will not be a point of concern.
I just want to give her a fabulous phone.
What are its other features?
Do you have something with higher RAM?
What is its cost?
460 EUR? Is it a phone or laptop? It is too costly. I can spend a maximum of 300 EUR.
No, I cannot spend that much. Show me something that costs around 300 EUR.
What about its secondary camera?
OK, please book it.
No, Thanks for now.
Hello, could you please assist me in choosing an Android phone?
I'd like to give it to my husband as a present and that the battery should be over 5000 mAh. Â
I believe he would choose gold or white.
Look for at least 5 inches.
It should have in the range of 500 EUR.
What are the features?
Atleast RAM 4 GB is needed.
How much does it cost?
What about the storage?
OK, please make a booking for him. His address is( 3wei54r*&^^%|"|#|"|)
Thank you so much for your support.
Hello, do you sell smartphones?
Really good!! As a high school student, I am in the search for a mobile for personal use.
I play games a lot, so I want a phone that is perfect for gamers.
The battery should be larger than 4000 mAh so that I can play for longer after charging it.
That is fantastic!!I'm eager to learn more from both of them.
Samsung is my personal favorite. I'm curious about the camera output of this brand model.
What is the scale of the display?
No, I'd like a mobile with two SIM card slots. If you have any other models for two SIM card slots?
So I am not interested inÂ any brandÂ other than a Samsung.
Please notify me if any models that meet my specifications are released in the market.
Thank you for the support.
Hey! I'd like to buy the best-rated laptop you have on hand.
I can't think of any right now.
Is there anything you'd like to suggest as a successful brand?
The issue is that I cannot afford to spend more than 6000 EUR on a laptop.
What could possibly be better than this?Would you mind providing me with any more information?
How are the graphics quality?
I don't think that this will be suitable for me.
Do you have any idea how much storage space there is?
Excellent!!What is this model's star rating?
What do you mean by that?
I'm going to buy this one. Thank you so much.
I want to purchase a Smartphone for my wife. I have an image of that Smartphone.
I have the picture of it. Here is the picture  Samsung product.
Tell me about this product in detail.
What about its camera? Because she is photoholic women. She loves to take selfie everytime.
I don't think this much pixel help her to take good picture.
What is its price?
It is too costly.
Tomorrow is our 10th wedding anniversary.
Thank you so much. Okay, I am going to buy it please tell me about its colour.
That is great. please book it for me.
Thank you so much.
Hello. I'd like to purchase a smartphone that should be released between 2015 and 2017.
I'm looking for a 64 GB black colour phone.
It should be upto 300 EUR.
What are the features of it?
All of the output is excellent, but don't you have another choice with 4 GB?
Great, how much does it cost?
It's not cheap.
Wow, the picture quality is excellent. Okay, go ahead and pack it for me.
Yes, I'd like to buy a laptop as well.
Yes, I'd like to have an Intel Core i3-7020U processor and a 1TB hard drive.
What is the cost?
Please book it as well.
Thank you so much.
Hello and good morning. I want to buy a smartphone with release date in between 2015 to 2017
I want 64 GB Black colour in between 200 EUR.
What is its specification?
Great!! what is its price?
Wow, it fit in my budget buy I heard BLU brand first time. Is this a good brand?
Okay, pack it for me.
Yah i want one laptop also.
Yes i want Intel Core i3-7020U processor with 1TB HDD Disk space.
What is its price?
Okay please book it also.
Thank you
Hello, can you please help me to buy a phone?
I don't know about the specification, buy I want it for my son, so please show me something with a high Battery backup and 6 GB RAM.
It is below 400 EUR.
Can you tell me about it?
What is its colour?
All things are good, but Battery is less.
OK, than book this product for me.
Yes, can you please tell me about Apple MacBook Air?
What is its price?
No thanks, book my phone and laptop price is too high. I will buy it when the price drops.
Thank you.
Good morning. Do you have laptops?
I would prefer HP.
I am a graphic designer. I teach graphics software to students.
Yes, I am buying it for my students.
Around 6000 EUR.
Features seems great but what is the price?
That is much more than the budget which I gave you. It's too expensive..
I understand its a good laptop buy it's way more than my budget.
Isn't there any kind of discount on price?
Not a problem, I will wait for sometime for the discount
Thank you for your help.
I'm searching for a phone that bears the Google logo.
It should weigh somewhere aroundÂ 200 Â and have a battery capacity of at least 3000 mAh.
What colour does it have?
Please describe the features to me.
When did it launch?
What is the weight of it?
What is the cost?
Isn't it too costly?
Is this high quality product?
Thank you so much. Please book in advance for me.
Thank you for the guidance.
Hello there, I've come to purchase a mobile.
I saw a mobile advertisement in the newspaper a few days ago. I'm curious if you have it.
No, I don't recall the name, but I have an image which was available in the newspaper.  Samsung product.
How much will it cost?
It is out of my budget. Do you have any other smartphones that are close to the HTC U Ultra and under the range of 500 EUROS.
Yeah! what about the HTC 10 evo's features?
What is the internal storage capacity of this phone?
No, I dont think it will sufficient!
Are you selling it in gold or platinum?
Okay. Please make a reservation for me.
Thank you so much for your support.
Hey, I want to buy a phone. Which one should I buy?
Yes, I want a big display size phone with good camera.
What is its cost?
Oh It's too expensive. Show me a low budget phone around 350 Euro.
Then I don't want to buy it on installements. Show me an inexpensive phone.
What is its color?
What is its weight?
Kindly book this for me.
Thanks for all your time.
Hello. I want to buy a tab for my bride.
I would like to have it in Pearl White because that is her favourite colour.
I don't have any information regarding that. Will you help me to choose better one?
yes, she is fond of reading and watching series, for that she need tab with good batterybackup. And also she loves to click picture.
How much cost is it to me?
It is costly, I want it less expensive?
But, I don't want to spend that much on purchasing tab?
What about its camera?
I don't think she statisfied with camera quality?
What about its colour?
Okay, I trust you. You can proceed with billing?
Please proceed with the booking.
Thankyou so much.
Hello, do you sell laptops?
I'm a Graphic designer, and I'm looking for one to do Graphic designing and on a low budget.
Aah, it must have 16 GB (Optane)/1TB HDD disk space.
Bigger RAM is not my main priority, but it should have an Intel processor.
Yes, it should be at least a 14- inch Display size.
What will it cost me?
Is it a good laptop?
Just 1TB HDD! can you show a laptop with bigger disk space.
OK, do you also sell camera?
I require a Compact format camera for under 200 EUR.
No, but it should have an Optical viewfinder.
How much does it weigh?
Alright, I would buy it then. Please proceed with billing.
No, No, I will buy just the camera.
Thank you.
Hello and good morning. Could you kindly show phones to me?
I'd like to purchase a camera as well as a smartphone.
Please first show me a phone.
Yes, I'm interested in the Samsung variant.
I want a phone with 4 GB of RAM and a decent camera.
Please describe features to me.
Okay, tell me how much it costs.
Okay, make the bookingÂ for me and show me the camera.
Yes, I'm interested in a Fujifilm FinePix F810 Zoom sensor.
Okay, tell me about it.
What is the weight of it? Is it portable?
Okay, could you please bookÂ all items for me?
Thank you.
Hello and good morning. I'm on the lookout for a Micromax mobile.
Yes, it needs to have more than 2 GB of RAM.
Okay, show me one at a time.
It's very impressive. And show me the other two as well.
The 2 GB RAM is insufficient.
I'm a little torn between the two.
Canvas Evok Note outperforms the competition. What is the size of the battery?
How much does the other one cost?
Okay, so go ahead and book this one for me.
Thank you.
Hi, do you have Dell XPS 13 9380?
Is this a promising product?
Wow!! That is awesome. How about the features?
How much does it cost?
Is there any discount?
Great!! With the money I will save, I can also look for a low budget phone.
I would like to buy Vodafone Smart N8
Will it look attractive in this colour?
Right, it will be unique.
Yes, How much will I have to pay for this?
Okay. I am willing to buy both of them.
Thank you.
Hi. Can you help me?
I want to gift my daughter a smartphone. Could you suggest a good one for me?
I don't know which brand she would like.
Colour. Yes, she likes phone whose looks are different from normal smartphones.
Sure, go ahead.
This looks beautiful. What colour is this?
which model is this?
How is the camera?
That is good.
What is the price?
I can afford this. Book it for me. Thank you.
Hello, can you help me select a good laptop?
I have used Lenovo and so I would like to with that only.
Money is not an issue but still don't go much high in budget.
I think IdeaPad 330S from Lenovo can be very good.
That sounds disappointing!!
Sure, go ahead.
Any specific reason for suggesting me that?
You are right buy what about its features?
That won't work for me. I want a good SSD.
No, buy I liked this model very much. Isn't there something you can do about SSD?
I understand, buy SSD is fast. Let it be, I need some time to think.
Thank you for your assistance
Good Morning, I'd like to purchase a mobile.
If you have any recommendations for the brand I should choose?
Yes, really. It should be a low-cost handset, with a price tag of less than 150 EUR.
Ok, I'd rather go for LG, as you said previously.
One more functionality is needed. I'm looking for a phone with a long battery life.
How long would it set me back?
It's about right. That is exactly what I was looking for.
No, thanks. This is one I'd like to purchase.
Thank you so much for your support.
Hello, good morning. I want to buy a smartphone which was released between 2015 to 2017
I want 64 GB, and between 300 EUR.
What is its specification?
All quality is good but don't you have other option which has 4 GB
Great, what is its price?
It is too costly.
Also I am not statisfied with its camera quality.
Okay, I want one laptop also.
Yes, I want an Intel Core i3-7020U processor with 1TB HDD Disk space.
What is its price?
Okay, please book it also.
Thank you
Hi, can you please help me in selecting a phone?
Radio should work on it and it should have big display size and high memory.
It should be of Samsung
What is its weight?
oh that's a bit heavy. I want thin lightweight cellphone
I feel heavy phones are not portable
How much it cost?
Ok, book it for me.
Thank you
Hi, I need to purchase a phone.
Well, I am not particularly restricted to any brand but I want high memory and dual sim in my cellphone.
What is its memory?
Superb, What is its cost?
Oh, that's a bit costly for me. Do you have 64 GB storage phone at less price?
Obviously with extra costs comes extra features but sorry can't afford it.
What is its color?
Book this one for me.
Thanks a ton.
Good morning, I have been looking for some good laptops. Can you please help me?
I need it for my daughter. She needs it for her online classes.
I think she will love bigger display. I'd say 15 inch will be fine. Yes, I have heard Dell is good brand. I would pick it then.
She wants big storage in her laptop. So, it must have large disk space.
What about the storage?
Okay, What's about its Graphics Card?
Yes, I think this might do the job. What is it price?
What! why is the price so high?
Yes, After All, it is for education. I hope my daughter would like it.
Ok, I will take this one. Please proceed with the booking
Thanks for the assistance.
Hi, I want to buy a mobile which has mostly been bought. Which one should I buy?
I am looking for recent released phone with less weight.
What is its display_size?
Oops that's a big one. I want medium size display.
Disadvanatge with big phone is that it is difficult to carry.
Sounds perfect. I will buy it.
It was nice interacting with you. Thanks for your patience and help.
I'm here for the camera. If you have a camera on you?
Within the price range of 120-150 EUR, I would rather have the Canon name.
Could you please show me any templates that I could use for my own purposes?
Since I work as a wedding photographer, the camera's weight is extremely important.
What is the weight and size of it?
Excellent!! How much available storage does it have?
What is the cost?
Please show me some more that meet my specifications.
Is this a suitable camera for my needs?
What is the weight of the object?
Is the price within my price range?
Is there any discount for this item?
Okay, I'd like to purchase a Powershot A540, but I'm currently unable to do so because i didn't actually liked it. I'll come back when the model is available at a reduced price.
Thank you for your assistance in choosing a suitable product.
Hello. I am looking for a particular phone.
I don't know the name.
Will Image do? I have a picture you can refer to.
Here, Samsung product.
I would like to know more about its features. How much is the battery?
How is the camera?
How much is the internal memory?
That can work for me
Sure. How much is the cost?
Ok. Book this one for me.
Thank you for your help.
Hi. Can you help me?
I am here to buy a tab for my cousin.
Just Samsung. He will appreciate anything and everything from Samsung.
The most loyal customer you will ever meet.
That would be great.
Not bad. I hope it's lightweight, and My cousin keeps everything on it. The heavy tab will hurt his arm.
How does it look? Keep it limited to black, white or grey.
Awesome. What is the price?.
It's too expensive. I am not sure I can afford it.
Still, I will wait for the price drop. Thank you.
Hello, can you help me in choosing low budget labtop?
I can spend between 1200 to 5000EUR. Can I get a good laptop in this price?
It must have large display size and good ratings in market.
I need more larger display size. I want to take labtop for office use, I don't think it could work for me.
Sometime I need to represent data on large screen, might be it create problem at that time.
Okay, then tell me which brand is it?
What about its processor and Graphics_Card?
Wow, It has ample storage.
How much will it cost me?
If there is any discount then it would be great for me.
Okay, do you even sell smartphones?
Show that one which has high battery backup and large internal storage.
I have heard about Acer brand. show me some from this brand.
How much will it cost me?
Okay, this time I want to take labtop only.
No, for this time labtop is enough for me.
No, I want to proceed with billing.
Thankyou so much.
Good Evening. I want to buy a smartphone.
I want to buy Vivo X7 Plus. I had a Vivo phone earlier.
Good!! Can you help me know about its features?
Can you help me know a bit about camera? Because my previous Vivo phone just nailed the camera performance. I hope for the same.
What about the RAM and display size?
How much is its Internal memory?
I would like to have the black colour. Do you have that available with you?
Gold looks like an old model. Black is classy.
No. I think black colour would look better.
Fine, I am trusting your words. Kindly book it for me.
Thank you for your help.
Good evening, I want an Apple Macbook.
It should be under 4500 EUR.
What is its display size?
Does it have a graphics card?
Any other features and how about the rating.
What is its cost?
Do you give any discounts on it?
It has got good features at this cost. I liked this.
Please do book it.
Thanks.
Hello and good evening. Have you got a camera?
Yes, I have a specific model in mind that I'd like to purchase Xacti DSC-S4 by Sanyo It's a fantastic camera.
Do you have this on your person?"
Could you please tell me what year this came out?
Yes, go ahead and take your time. There are no problems.
I liked how it looked. How much does it cost?
It's very pricey. Is it really worth that much money in terms of features?
It's a camera that's easy to carry around. That's excellent.
Okay than. Book it for me.
Thank you for your help.
Will you be able to assist me in choosing an Android phone?
I want one for my brother because he is still playing games, so please recommend a gaming phone to me.
What is the cost?
Is there some way to get a deal on this?
Ok, but I believe the price is too high.
What about the colour of it?
What is the name of the brand?
Is it a reputable brand?
Could you please show me a photo of this product?
That is a nice one. I'm hoping my brother enjoys it.
Thank you, and please make this reservation.
Thank you.
Good Morning I want to buy a laptop.
It should have high graphics.
I don't have any brand specific buy please see in between 2000 EUR.
Which one is good?
Okay, then show me the i5 processor laptop.
Can you please tell me about its features?
But I want Nvidia graphics
Tell me its price.
Okay, book it for me.
I want to buy a smartphone also.
Yes, I want a Samsung model.
I want 4 GB RAM and good camera quality.
Please tell me about its features.
Okay, tell me about its price.
Okay. Please book it for me.
No. Thank you.
Hi. I am here hoping you can solve my problem.
I had a phone which was favourite to me. It was stolen by someone and now I want the same phone model back.
Huawei is the brand and I have no idea about the model?
It has 4 GB RAM and a dual primary camera.
It's colour, and that was the reason why I loved the phone. It was a unique shade of Gold.
Can you show it to me? I will identify the model by its looks.
OMG!! Yes, That is the one.
It is too costly.
Okay then, Proceed with booking.
Thank you so much.
Good evening, I am looking for a good phone.
I am looking for a silver color LG phone.
What is its storage?
I want a LG phone with more storage space.
But I have faced storage problem in 16 GB phone.
Lovely, what is its cost?
Book it for me.
Thanks.
Good day, I've been searching for a good camera. Could you please assist me?
Because I am a photographer, I require a camera that produces high-resolution images.
It also has a wide target spectrum and a charger.
How about storage?
Tell me about the lens's focal range.
No, the price is unimportant. I suppose I'll have to order it. What is the cost?
Okay, then just continue with the booking. Do you sell smartphones as well?
Then show me one with a long battery life, a big internal memory, and a 4G sim card.
And what is the grading?
So, how much does it cost?
However, there is less room. Please just start with the camera billing.
Okay, please reserve it.
Sure.
Thank you for your assistance.
Hello, I am looking to buy a phone for me.
I want Moto Z Force. Can I know about it?
Yes. Please tell me the price.
It's too expensive.
As compared to the price, its battery capacity is very less. Don't you have a model with 5000 mAh battery with lower price and having a dual camera.
It should not exceed 250 EUR.
Can you tell me about its features in details.
Price?
Okay, please book it for me.
No, Thanks.
Hello. Can you help me?
I want to buy a camera for my daughter she wants to be a travel photographer.
I don't know exactly
In between 200 EUR.
Is it a good brand?
Can you please tell me about its features?
What is its weight?
Wow, That is great. Please book this for me.
I want to buy a phone.
I want this. MOTO product.
OK, can you tell me the details?
All quality is good, buy I doubt the Xiaomi brand.
OK, please book this for me.
Thanks
Hello, I'm trying to purchase a laptop for my daughter to use in her office.
It should be equipped with an i7 cpu.
Please tell me about the ratings.
Great, how much does it cost?
However, I am not willing to invest this much money. Is it possible to show the same model?
Do you have laptops from various brands in the 5000- EUR range?
Is it configured with Nvidia graphics?
Should these laptops come with a discount?
Please make a reservation for me.
No, not at all. Thank you.
Hello. Can I have a smartphone with best display size?
No, I don't. but the phone must be latest.
I can spend up to 800 EUR.
Show me the Sony phones because Sony's display is the best.
Tell me about the camera quality of these phones.
Can you tell me about the Samsung phones also?
What about their camera quality?
I don't like the Samsung phones. Tell me the prices of Sony phones.
I will buy a Xperia Z5 Premium Dual.
Go ahead.
Okay. Thank you.
No. Thank You for your assistance.
Good Morning.
I am looking for a good camera.
Are they any good?
I see. Do you have any good model?
Okay. And what about the resolution?
What about the focus range?
What is the weight?
What is the cost?
Is there any discount?
Okay, than. Book it for me.
Thank you for your assistance.
Hey, I need to buy phone which has best GPU.
Phone should have more memory and less weight.
Yes, Color should be Blue or Gold.
What is its battery capacity?
But I need 8000mAH minimum.
Okay then I will buy X9 Plus by Vivo.
OK, Thanks for information.
Hey, I was looking for a tablet.could You help me with that?
Actually I am looking for a tablet for my daughter for her 18th birthday.
She has been longing for an Apple tablet. So I would like her to get her the same brand.
My budget is around 1000 EUR.
What are the different models of that series?
Can you tell me the price of these models?
Which of these have the best RAM.
I would like to go for iPad Pro.
Okay please proceed to book that for me.
Thanks a lot.
No. Thank You for your assistance.
Hello, I want to buy a phone for my mother on her birthday.
Yes, I want 4 GB RAM and 4000 mAh battery.
What are its specifications?
Tell me more about its features?
She likes only silver color smartphones, I don't think she likes it.
I don't think, How can you ensure me for this?
What is its price?
Still in doubt whether my mother likes it or not.
Okay, can I get discount?
Okay, I want to proceed with billing.
Thankyou so much.
Good afternoon, please show me Dell XPS 13 9380 laptops.
Please tell me about its features and price.
It is out of my budget don't you have any discount.
Still, I can't afford it please show which is in between 2000 EUR but from dell brand.
It should have 1TB HDD disk space.
Tell me about its features.
What is it color?
I want it in silver color.
How can you assure me that?
Is it a good product? I am not sure.
Can I get any discount?
Okay, please book it for me.
Thank you.
Hey, I want to buy a good phone.
I want a gold color phone with storage of 64 gb.
It should be of Samsung.
What about its review and how much will it cost?
But I can not afford it.
It looks good enough.
Ok, please complete the booking process.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Hello, Could you kindly assist me in purchasing a tablet?
It should be able to store a large amount of data.
Only the Dell Brand has my confidence. Could you bring me any Dell ones?
No, actually I want silver, the first choice is ideal.
What are its features?
Okay, but it only has 2 GB of RAM. Is it a reliable phone?
What is the cost?
Okay, that will suffice. Is there any discount available?
Okay.kindly continue with the booking.
Thank you so much.
Good Afternoon.
I want a phone in white colour.
The phone must have a 4GB RAM.
I'll go for Huawei as it has more options.
Which one is the latest and which one is the most expensive among these?
It is too much expensive. I have a budget of 500EUR.
Tell me some of its features.
How much does it cost?
Please book it.
Thank You.
Hey, I am looking for a good phone.
It should be gps phone with good memory and secondary high camera quality.
What is the price?
Does it has DualSim?
Is it new released phone?
Oh I don't want old phone. I want recent released phone.
I understand but I want a recent released phone.
What is the cost?
Ok can you book it for me.
Thanks for help.
Hello, I'd like to purchase a smartphone
Yes, this is where my friend got his T-Mobile G2x handset.  SL product.
Well, I was especially taken with the colour.
That is right, but it's not the only thing I'm looking for.
My friend was so taken by the phone's appearance that she didn't even ask about its capabilities, but I'd like to hear about them as well.
Will you elaborate on the features?
What about storage capacity and weight?
And it'll cost me 350 EUR.
That is something I am aware of. However, I don't believe that these features are worth 350 EUR.
No, I'm not in any hurry. Thank you so much for your assistance!!
Good Evening. I am here to buy a orange colour phone.
No, but I have an image, you can refer to. Here it is,  Samsung product.
Great!! But is that a lightweight phone? I believe lightweight phones are cooler than normal.
No, This only would works fine for me. How much is its Internal storage capacity?
I would prefer buying one that has battery capacity of at least 1500 mAh.
How can you assure me for this.
Still in doubt, it will work for me or not.
Ok. I would like to know about the RAM.
Fine. What are other features?
What about its camera quality?
How much will it cost to me?
Great. Please book it for me.
Thankyou so much.
Hello there, I'm trying to purchase a phone for myself.
I'm not sure about the specifics, but I've seen one phone that I like. Samsung product.
Is it a reputable brand?
Tell me about its characteristics.
Wow, it's very pricey.
However, I don't wish to invest this much money. Can you display the same model at a lower cost?
Is the price range between 200 and 300 EUR?
Tell me about the capabilities.
Okay, please reserve it for me.
No, thank you.
I want a phone for my nephew.
I want only the LeEco brand.
Yeah, in between 400 EUR.
It should release in 2016. Well he is a photographer. So I want a good camera quality phone.
What  about the battery capacity?
Does it have a radio?
What about its color, He loves only silver color phone.
I don't think he likes this color.
Okay, keep it aside and show me a camera.
Yes, I want JVC GC-QX3HD. Do you have this?
Yes, please tell me about its price. Macro focus range and storage.
Is it able to capture good picture? I  have a doubt.
Okay, book both camera and phone for me.
Thank you so much.
Hello, I've been searching for a decent smartphone for a while. Could you please assist me?
My family's situation is dire. So that is why I'm looking for a smartphone on a tight budget
It should be upto 200 EUROS
It should be an Android phone with 4G or 5G and dual SIM.
Please tell me a little bit about its features.
Is it capable of taking a decent photograph?
That's really cool. How much wili it cost?
Okay, that's fantastic. What colour is it?
No! Do you have black color as option?
But I like black colour.
Will you please elaborate its other specifications and features?
Is it possible for you to show me their photos?
Okay, then just move on to billing.
Thank you so much for your time and support.
Hello, I'd like to purchase an HP laptop.
No. However, I'd like one with a monitor screen sizeÂ That is larger than 17 inches.
That isÂ fantastic.
Yes, absolutely.
What about testimonials? Is this a prominent company brand?
What is the deal with the HP models? I'm sure it received positive feedback.
Okay, That is it. Could you tell me more about the processor in the MSI model?
Could you tell me what graphics were used in this?
I'd just like to see how much it would cost.
I don't think that this much of money will be suitable for this laptop.
Is there any discount available?
Okay, That is it. I'm going to buy it. Thank you so much!
Hello, I want a reliable phone as I constantly work on phone.
Yes, I do office work in phone so battery should lasts long  and brand should be Samsung with android OS.
What is its display size?
oh, that's a bit big. I want medium size phone.
I want a phone which can reliably fit in any bag or pocket.
What is its cost?
Ok please book it for me.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Hello. Can you help me?
I want to buy a camera for my daughter. She wants to be a travel photographer.
I want Panasonic Lumix DMC-LC40 only.
It is costly.
Still, I can't afford it. Please show me another camera.
It is between 200 EUR.
Is it a good brand?
Can you please tell me about its features?
What are its weights?
Wow, That is great. Please book this for me.
Thanks
Hi, can you please help me in selecting a phone?
It should have big display and high memory.
No, That's all.
What about it's RAM?
Only 4 GB RAM?
It is very low.
I need phone with 6GB RAM.
How much it cost?
Ok book it for me.
Thank you.
I want to buy a phone, which fulfills all my requirements.
Camera should be great and OS should be android.
How much storage does it offer? I need great storage phone.
Can you suggest a phone with 64 GB storage?
I don't want to use SD card as its speed is not same as primary memory. so suggest me the another one.
How much storage does it offer?
How much will it cost to me?
Okay, can you pack this phone?
Thanks for help.
Hiii, Can you help me?
I want to purchase a smartphone.Can you show me some good phones?
I never purchase any phone, so I have less idea about brand and specifications. Can you help me?
It should have a strong battery backup, most essential large internal memory because I always have a storage problem. My storage is always packed in my current phone.
What is the brand?
Okay. What is the colour?
Great. Please, proceed and book this for me.
Yes, sure.
Thank you for the assistance.
Hi, can you please help me?
Actually, I want to buy a phone for my sister.
I never asked so I really have no idea on this.
I am sorry. I really didn't understood what are you asking about?
Oh yes. As usual a beautiful phone with unique colour.
Okay, Sure.
This looks pretty. What model and colour is it?
Is this a good phone?
OMG, That is amazing!!
I think you are right.
Absolutely, now tell me how much will I have to pay?
That is too expensive and I can't afford it.
No. I will reach out to you later for this same model.
Thank You.
Hello, I'm searching for a laptop to use on a regular basis.
It can also have a 1TB hard drive and the Windows operating system, which is in high demand.
Great, how much does it cost?
Oh, because it's very costly for me.
Can you tell me what distinguishes it from other laptops in terms of unique features?
Okay, That is fantastic. Please have a discount.
Is it powered by an Intel processor?
Okay, so go ahead and charge them.
Thank you for your assistance.
No, Thank you.
Hello, could you please assist me in choosing a decent laptop?
I've heard about Lenovo. Is is a good brand?
Money isn't a concern, but the budget really doesn't go too far.
Lenovo's IdeaPad 330S, in my opinion, has a lot of potential. What do you think?
That sounds depressing! Yes, please do so.
Is there a particular explanation why you think that?
You are right, but what about its characteristics?
That is not going to fit for me. I'm looking for a decent SSD.
No, but I really liked this one.
Isn't there anything you can do to help with SSD?
I get it, but SSDs are quicker.
Allow it to be. I need to think for a while. Thank you so much for your support.
Hello there, I'd appreciate it if you could assist me.
My brother sent me a picture of a phone he wants me to purchase. Could you tell me which model it is? MOTO product.
Is this an excellent phone?
That is fantastic!
Oh my goodness!! I really like taking photographs.
It does, though, have features that go beyond and above my standards. What about storage space on the inside?
This would be better if it was in red color.
I don't think that it will be the better option and i hate blue.
Is there a limit on how many Sim cards it will hold?
Excellent!! I'm not sure how much I'll have to spend.
Thank you so much for your support.
Hello, I'm looking to purchase a camera. Please demonstrate the right camera to me.
I'd like to buy a camera for my brother, who is a travel photographer, but I'm not sure where to start. Please assist me because I am unfamiliar with the requirements.
My brother only uses Canon products, and it should have the highest possible resolution.
It is in the range of 200 EUR.
Please describe the features to me.
OK, please pack it for me and bring me a phone.
Not really, but I'd like a phone with 4 GB of RAM, a gold colour, and a good camera.
It is in the range of 200 EUR.
Tell me about the specifics.
Yes, please make a booking of both items for me.
I wanna buy a phone which fulfills all my requirements.
Camera should be excellent.
How much storage does it offer?
And how about the Camera?
Oh, thatâ€™s great. How much is the price?
What other phones do you have if I want more storage?
Still 32 GB seems too less as I watch lot of movies after downloading them in my phone so need more space.
How much storage does it offer?
How much is it for?
Okay, can you pack this phone?
Thanks for help.
I'd like to get a tablet for my nephew.
I just want the LeEco brand.
Yes, between 400 and 500 EUR.
It is expected to be released in 2016 with excellent image quality and a panel size greater than 500 pixels.
What about its battery?
Its too less. I want high battery power.
Set it aside and show me a camera.
Yes, I'm interested in the JVC GC-QX3HD. Can you happen to have this?
Yes, please tell me the price, Macro focus range, and storage capacity.
Could you please bookÂ all of the products for me?
Thank you.
Good morning. I am looking for a phone.
Samsung would be my preferred brand.
I have heard quite a lot about Galaxy S6 edge+ Duos from my relatives. Do you have it available.
Do you think Samsung phones are good?
okay then tell me the features for the one, I asked for.
What about the camera features?
What about the other features?
And What is the price?
I will buy it.
Thank you for your assistance
I am in urgent need of a phone.
I want a small Display Size phone with the storage of 64 GB.
Sounds good. Does it has Radio jack?
My bad luck, do you have some other brand phone with same feature?
Suggest me some other phone coz often listen to Radio.
Does GPS works on it?
Okay, can you pack this phone?
Thanks for help.
Good morning, I am a youtube vlogger and want a phone with good camera quality.
I am expecting to be under 250EUR.
I will be choosing the one with dual primary camera.
Which of these have more than 2GB RAM?
What are the megapixels of their secondary camera?
It seems very difficult to select one from all of these.
I think Huawei has a better camera. Tell me its other features.
It doesnot have a good battery. I wanted a phone with more than 3500mAh battery. But I can adjust with it
Please book it.
Thank you.
Hello, I am looking to buy a laptop for my wife to work from home.
It should have a 128 GB (PCIe SSD) disk space i5 processor.
Great, what is its price?
Oh, it is pretty expensive.
But, I don't want to spend this much money.
Do you have laptops from different brands in a price range of 3000 EUR?
What is its color?
That is her favourite color. Hope she will like it.
Does it have Nvidia graphics?
Do you have a discount on these laptops?
It is something which I want for her.
I want to proceed with billing.
Thankyou so much.
I'd like to purchase a smartphone, but I'm not sure which one is the best. Please advise.
I'm not sure what brand to go for, but I'd like 32 GB of RAM for about 300 EUR.
LAVA is a trusted brand.
What features does it have?
Ok, fine, so what colour is it?
It's a rather bland colour, in my opinion.
Still, another colour, such as black, appeals to me.
No, I want my phone to be in black colour.
What are the features?
It's a little pricey.
Okay, will you please make a reservation for me?
I want to purchase a laptop. Do you have Dell Inspiron 15 3567.
Yes, I'm interested in this laptop as well. Could you please tell me how much will it cost?
Yes, book both the product laptop as well as camera.
Thank you so much.
Hello and good morning. I'd like to purchase a smartphone. Will you able to assist me?
Please showÂ the phone to me.
What are the features thatÂ it posses?
Wow, it has a lot of features for the price. Please make a bookingÂ for me.
Yes, please showÂ  me.
Yes, please showÂ  me. But I'm not sure if it's a decent brand.
Okay, tell me about its characteristics.
What a set of graphics.
What about the cost?
Please bookÂ both the items.
Thank you.
Good Evening, I am looking for a phone for my photography needs.
I need to have a phone that has high RAM and good battery life.
What is its color?
What about radio?
Oh, I want radio in my phone.
But I often listen to Radio.
What is its price?
Okay, I will take this phone.
Thanks a ton.
Hey, can you help me in buying a good phone?
I want to buy a phone under 300 Euro with good memory backup.
Does it has good camera?
I hope it has DualSim feature in it.
What is its Display Size?
Oh that's big. I want small display size phone.
Ok can you book it for me.
Thanks a lot for your time.
Hello, I'd like to purchase a tablet for myself.
I'm not sure what the specifications are, but here's a link:  CS product.
Is it a reputable brand?
Please describe the features to me.
Oh, because it's very pricey.
Please set it aside and show me a laptop instead.
I'm just interested in Acer laptops.
Yes, I'm looking for an i7 cpu.
This laptop costs between 4000 and 4500 euros.
Please describe the features to me.
Please book both the product.
Hi. Do you have a minute?
Please assist me with a phone.
Sony Xperia XZ Premium, Do you have it?
I thoroughly researched about it. It helped.
No. As I said, I know everything.
Yes, let me know how much will I have to pay for it?
With these features, I expected it to be expensive.
Show me any if different brand and in range of 500 EUR.
Okay. Suggest me a good phone then.
That is awesome. Won't it be expensive?
You are right. Thank you for your help.
Hello and good morning. I've come to purchase a mobile.
Look, what I want is a regular phone. But if you do, show me something worthwhile.
Why should I buy this, according to you?
That is just stunning.
What colour is this, exactly?
Yes, I see what you're doing. You overwhelmed me.
Is this a new product?
Wow, that was incredible. I was completely unaware of it. I'm not sure how much I'll have to pay for this.
That's excellent. However, I am unable to do so. I still have 200 EUR in my pocket.
That is fine. I'll hold off before the discounts become available.
Thank you for assisting me in learning about this incredible phone.
Good Morning, I am here looking for a smartphone.
Actually I want to have the same phone I was using recently.
Yeah sure, I was Using Nokia 8 and it was lovely phone.
Yeah it was 3GBRAM with 5mp front and 13mp rear camera.
Yeah please.
What's its RAM and camera megapixels?
How much will it cost me?
It's really a good deal.
Okay proceed to book that for me.
Thanks a lot.
No. Thank You for your assistance.
Hi, I need a good phone.
I am looking for a Samsung mobile. They make decent phones.
I have heard about Galaxy S8+.
What is its price?
Oh! it is way too expensive. Show me someting that will cost less.
I can't afford it. Show me less expensive phone
Lovely, what is its cost?
Book it for me.
No. Thanks for now.
Good morning. I am looking for a smartphone.
Yes, I want to go with Micromax.
Yes, it must have 3 GB RAM, and good battery backup.
I want worthy product, show me all the three smartphones.
Sound's impressive. Show me the other two also.
I want to go with Microsoft Lumia 950 XL D. Tell me the features of this phone.
Okay. But 5 Megapixel seconday camera is not good quality in my opinion.
Still. I am in doubt it will click good picture or not? because I want a phone with good camera qualty.
Okay. I trust you. But 3340 battery is also not enough?
And what about its colour?
Wow! it is my favourite colour, what about its display size.
Well! this statisfy my all requirement. I want to proceed with billing
No.Thankyou so much.
Hello, I am looking to buy a laptop for my business.
It should have an intel i5 processor. My friend has this laptop, and I like it.  C(BLUE) product.
Great, what is its price?
Oh, it is pretty expensive.
But, I don't want to spend this much money. Can you show the same model but low price?
Do you have white laptops from different brands in a price range of 2000 EUR?
Does it have intel graphics?
Do you have a discount on these laptops?
I will wait till the next price drop.
No, thank you, I can wait.
Hello, Good Evening. I want to buy a laptop.
I want HP Pavilion 15-cs2012nx.
Can you elobrate its features?
What is its price?
It is very costly
Show me that labtop which have i5 processor.
What about its price?
What is its rating in market?
What is its color?
No, I don't like this color.
How can you assure me for this.
Please book this for me.
Thank you.
Hello, I want to purchase camera for myself.
I'd rather go for features than any one brand.
I would like the sensor to have at least a low resolution of 1600.
You currently have another brand?
Can you show me an identical model in Canon?
Of all the models which have more than 8 GB of storage?
It's brilliant. I liked knowing about the price?
You should give me the best camera from all the above.
What is the weight of it?
Do you know it's a decent camera?Â
It might be a promising deal.
Book it for me.
Thank you. Â
Good Morning!! I am looking for a better quality camera.
I would like to have Nikon as my preferred brand.
I can spend up to 250 EUR.
I want a retro look of camera so suggest me only those launched before the year 2000.
Okay I would like to know about those models with max resolution more than 1000.
What's the normal focus range of those with max resolution more than 1000.
But I don't think that this focus range will be enough for me.
I think the Coolpix 900S looks better to me.
How much is that going to cost me?
Well, I am okay with this now.
Yes, please proceed.
Thanks!!
Good morning.
I am looking for a smartphone for my sister.
She does'nt have any ideas about smartphone. But she wants android phone for online classes.Show me some model which have good display size.
According to my views, 369 display size is litte less for her.
Now it is good for her. Tell me the more features of this phones.
Okay. What is it cost?
It is out of my budegt. Is there any discount available on this phone?
I am not able to purchase this. Show me other one, which is less expensive?
Okay. What is its colour.
No, She doesn't like this colour.
Still I am in doubt.Because she likes only black and white colour.
Okay.I trust you. But if she does'nt like it, I will exchange it.
Okay. I want to proceed with Billing.
No, this time it is enough.
Thankyou so much for assisting me.
Hello, I need to buy a good phone.
Phone with good primary camera and cost around 200.
No thats all.
What is its cost.
What is its released year?
oh, but I want newly launched 2017 mobile.
It sounds great.
Ok book this for me.
No,Thanks for assistance.
Hello, I'm looking for a laptop but don't know which one is best for me. I'd like to learn more about the X4 Soul model.
Is this commodity currently available? If That is the case, what colour do you have?
What are the RAM and battery capacities?
I'd like to add a few more features to it.
What about the cost?
Wow, That is a lot of money.
However, I'd like this model to cost anywhere between 200 and 300 dollars.
Thank you. I'm just interested in this brand while it's on sale?
Thank you for providing this information. I will purchase this for Christmas.
Thank you.
Good Morning. I am looking for a camera.
I am photographer so I want a camera which can click high resolution photos.
It should have large focus range and good battery.
What about its storage?
Tell me about its focus range.
Price doesn't matters for me. I want worthy product. Tell me the price of that camera which you have saw.
Okay, then please proceed billing. Do you even sell smartphones?
Show the one which has good battery backup, large internal RAM and is a dual sim slot.
And what about its colour?
Oh! Black is not my favrouite one, if it is availble on any other colour then it is good for me.
Sounds intresting, How much will it going to cost me.
What! Seems as if it is made up of diamond.
Okay,  but this time, I want to proceed with camera only.
No, book only camera.
Thankyou so much.
Hello and good afternoon. Will you able to assist me?
Can you assist me in purchasing a suitable laptop for my best friend?
At this time, I'm not being very descriptive. So, will you please assist me in making a decision?
A visual artist is a friend of mine. He enjoys making graphics of all kinds.As a result, I'll need a laptop with decent graphics.
I'd like to start with HP, but depending on features, I might move to another brand.
I'm willing to pay up to 3000 EUR.
How about the hard drive space?
I'd like to see how much it costs.
Is there a discount available?
Is it a reliable laptop? In terms of results, what do you mean?
You are right. In addition, I want to purchase a Vivo V5 Plus.
There is no such need. I have researched about it. Book it for me.
I am. Thank you for your help.
Good morning. I am here to buy a smartphone
Look, I just want a normal phone for my grandfather's birthday.
He need a smartphone for calling and surfing Internet.
Yes! I want 2GB of RAM and minimum 16 GB of storage.
What about its rating?
Do you have a picture of the phone? Samsung product.
What colour is this?
Yes, I can see that. You have surprised me.
Is this a recent launch?
Wow. I didn't know about it. How much will I have to pay for this?
That is good. But I can't afford this. I only have 300 EUR.
That is ok. I will wait for the discount offers.
Thank you for helping me to find out about this amazing phone.
Good Evening, I am looking for best smartphone fro my husband.
Nothing in Particular, I want a 2017 released android phone which is heavily in demand.
What is its color?
oh, He can't maintain white color. Do you have in blue or black color?
I take your point but still I would go for Black or Blue.
What is its price?
What is its battery capacity?
Is it DualSim phone?
Okay, I think I will buy it.
Thanks a lot for helping me in choosing a good phone.
Hello. Can you help me?
I want to buy a phone for my girlfriend on her birthday.
I want 6 GB RAM, Good camera quality, high power battery capacity.
My girlfriend is a solo traveller, so I need a high power battery capacity with a good quality camera.
Can you tell me about its features?
What is the price?
It is too expensive.
OK, what additional features it has like GPS.
OK, can you please book this for me?
No thank you
Thanks
Hello, I'm not going to purchase a camera.
I'd like to purchase a Canon PowerShot A300 camera.
Could you tell me anything about it?
Please make this booking for me.
Yes, I'd like to purchase a smartphone as well.
I need a phone with 4 GB of RAM, dual SIM capability, and an Oppo brand because I want good camera quality.
Please describe the features to me.
That's fantastic. What about the cost?
It's just too costly.
No, thank you; I'll wait until the next price reduction.
I don't like anything other than a Canon PowerShot A300 camera.
Thanks for the assistance.
Hello, I want a laptop?
I am a software engineer, and I am looking for one to do software engineering.
Aah, it must have a 1TB HDD.
GPU is not my main priority, but it should have an Intel processor.
Yes, it should be a 15- inch Display size.
What will it cost me?
If I get discount, it is good for me.
What is its processor?
I want a laptop with intel processor, I don't think it is going to be work for me.
Okay, do you also sell camera?
I require a camera under 600 EUR.
I am in doubt whether it is able to capture good picture or not?
How much does it weigh?
Alright, I would buy it then. Please proceed with billing.
Yes, I want to take both.
Thank you.
Good morning, I have a query.
I need your assistance in finding a smartphone.
I want to buy new one
The only requirement preference I have is the colour.
It's different. I don't actually know which colour is that.
I have a reference link. Will it do?
Here, have a look. Samsung product.
Wow!! Do you have it?
Absolutely, yes.
That is great!! What about its Internal storage?
I want to buy it. Please book it for me.
Thank you for assisting me
Hello, I want to purchase a phone which has been reviewed good by many.
I want a phone in which both GPS and Radio.
What is its storage storage?
I want a phone with more storage.
I need something with bigger RAM.
what is its cost?
Book it for me.
Thanks
